README.md, before:

# Heading 1
## Heading 2
### Heading 3

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

- First item
- Second item
- Third item

**Bold Text**
__Bold Text__

*Italicized Text*
_Italicized Text_

***Italicized Text***

[GitHub Flavored Markdown Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

![Test image](relative file path or url)

# Replacing RAM Module on a Windows PC

**Replacing a RAM memory module is a necessary fix for computers suffering from slow application loading, multitasking, and even crashes or data corruption. This process requires powering off the computer and knowing where the RAM modules are located on the computer's motherboard. A memory tester tool is recommended to verify which RAM module stick is failing and that the stick you're using as the replacement will work.**

## Key Terms:
- **RAM**: Random Access Memory is a computer's short-term memory component that stores data for applications currently running, allowing quick access to information. The more RAM a computer has, the more amount of tasks a computer can handle at once.
- **DDR5**: DDR5 is the latest generation of Double Data Rate RAM that is capable of higher speeds, bandwidth, and power efficiency compared to previous generations like *DDR4*. It is important to verify if the RAM memory module in use is compatible with the computer's motherboard.
- **Memory Tester**: A physical tool that is used for checking a computer's RAM for any performance issues that could cause slow performance or crashes. It is a useful tool for identifying which RAM stick is failing and if a RAM stick is working correctly.

## Required Tools:
- Screwdriver: An appropriate screwdriver (usually a Phillips head) is needed to open and close the computer case.
- Anti-static wrist strap: This accessory ensures a technician's safety when working on the hardware of a computer.
- Memory Tester: This tool will diagnose whether or not individual RAM module sticks are faulty or good to use in a computer.
- RAM Module sticks: The actual computer component in question. A replacement RAM stick will be necessary to replace the faulty RAM stick.

**Replacing a RAM memory module conists of powering off the computer and preparing your workspace along with making sure all power is discharged. Next, open the computer case and push down on the clips at each end of the RAM stick to release the old RAM module. Then after verifying that the new RAM module is compatible and passed the memory tester, push down both ends of the stick until the clips click in place. Finally, close the computer case, power the computer back on, and verify that the new RAM is detected in BIOS.**

Commit message:

Added Expected Outcomes and udpated Key Terms.

README.md, after:

# Heading 1
## Heading 2
### Heading 3

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

- First item
- Second item
- Third item

**Bold Text**
__Bold Text__

*Italicized Text*
_Italicized Text_

***Italicized Text***

[GitHub Flavored Markdown Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

![Test image](relative file path or url)

# Replacing RAM Module on a Windows PC

**Replacing a RAM memory module is a necessary fix for computers suffering from slow application loading, multitasking, and even crashes or data corruption. This process requires powering off the computer and knowing where the RAM modules are located on the computer's motherboard. A memory tester tool is recommended to verify which RAM module stick is failing and that the stick you're using as the replacement will work.**

## Key Terms:
- **RAM**: Random Access Memory is a computer's short-term memory component that stores data for applications currently running, allowing quick access to information. The more RAM a computer has, the more amount of tasks a computer can handle at once.
- **DDR5**: DDR5 is the latest generation of Double Data Rate RAM that is capable of higher speeds, bandwidth, and power efficiency compared to previous generations like *DDR4*. It is important to verify if the RAM memory module in use is compatible with the computer's motherboard.
- **Memory Tester**: A physical tool that is used for checking a computer's RAM for any performance issues that could cause slow performance or crashes. It is a useful tool for identifying which RAM stick is failing and if a RAM stick is working correctly.
- **Motherboard**: A motherboard is the computer's circuit board that connects all its components, including RAM. It is accessible through opening a computer's case where various components can be replaced or upgraded based on the user's needs.
- **BIOS**: Basic Input/Output System, or BIOS, is the motherboard's firmware that detects hardware components like RAM and loads the computer's operating system. It executes a power-on-self-test, or POST, to check if there are any issues with the hardware then loads the operating system.

## Required Tools:
- **Screwdriver**: An appropriate screwdriver (usually a Phillips head) is needed to open and close the computer case.
- **Anti-static wrist strap**: This accessory ensures a technician's safety when working on the hardware of a computer.
- **Memory Tester**: This tool will diagnose whether or not individual RAM module sticks are faulty or good to use in a computer.
- **RAM Module sticks**: The actual computer component in question. A replacement RAM stick will be necessary to replace the faulty RAM stick.

## Expected Outcomes:
1. The faulty RAM module stick will fail on the memory tester tool. The replacement RAM module stick will pass.
2. The computer will detect the new RAM module stick. This can be verified in BIOS before loading Windows.
3. Various tasks will be tested such as web browsing, loading videos stored on the computer, and playing a computer game simultaneously to verify the computer is able to perform these tasks without any slowdown or crashes.

## Troubleshooting Steps:

**Replacing a RAM memory module conists of powering off the computer and preparing your workspace along with making sure all power is discharged. Next, open the computer case and push down on the clips at each end of the RAM stick to release the old RAM module. Then after verifying that the new RAM module is compatible and passed the memory tester, push down both ends of the stick until the clips click in place. Finally, close the computer case, power the computer back on, and verify that the new RAM is detected in BIOS.**
